Add Override Example to Layers (#1465)
plone/documentation: docs/classic-ui/views.md

```

The view in question is registered against a {ref}`layer <classic-ui-layers-label>`.

> It will be available after restart and running the {ref}`GenericSetup profile <backend-configuration-registry-generic-setup-label>` or enabling the addon.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It will be available after restart and running the {ref}`GenericSetup profile <backend-configuration-registry-generic-setup-label>`, or enabling the add-on.
```
